Anon Blog Idea
-----------------
Based on the fact I literally say everything I think, even the wacko stuff. 

Keywords=(these keywords are not just for google, they are to help me pin down what this blog is about)

.Personality---Borderline-Personality-Disorder---Depression---Anxiety---Social-Anxiety---Relationship---Crazy-People--Relatonship-problems---Job-Quitting---Job-Diversity---Sociology---Rich-People-poor-people---judging-people---intellectual---software-development---Journal---Delivery-Job. Zoloft, SSRI, Wellbutrin, Bupropion, making money online, making websites, procratinatino, self help, review of self help stuff maybe, family, crazy crazy mom. Pornography addiction, Cala=Stubborness-hypocrity-self-esteem

Topic Ideas
-------------
Counterfeit money
From the Abusers point of view
On an intellectual Working a Laborous redneck job
All of my jobs, theres so much there
Wellbutrin, made me happy to lose my family




I can backlink in places so diverse because of content. From Trucking truth to Myers Briggs, to TV Shows, to Software, to psychology stuff.





Blog Name Ideas
===============
RiotLife
BPDLife
InsaneGenuis.com  taken! dangit
GenuisLife.com   taken! crap!
stupidgenius.com
Immaturegenius.com  


Blog Posts
---------

August 27 2018

	The cops came today.  Along with my ex-fiance, her father, and god knows who else.  Am I ashamed to say I hid?  I didnt answer the door.  So what?  Neither did Paul Rud in that movie with the boy with muscular distrophy, and Selena Gomez. Funny what we remember isnt it. 
		Anyway.  The cops.  They were here I guess to help her get her stuff, which doesnt make any sense.  She didnt even try to ask me if or when she could come by, i begged her to come back, and then she just fell of the map, blocked me entirely so I can't even see her facebook, who does that?  It's not like we don't have a kid together.  There is no getting around it.  Her and I are both insane.  I really can't beleive she brought the police here.  The day of our fight I never touched her, I yelled like I always do.  I don't understand.  People say things when they are mad, she really doesn't get that.  She said so much horrible stuff to me too when she was in the throws of her depression, or whatever was wrong with her.  
	I keep getting off track.  So, I didnt answer. I hid, tryed to peer out the window, my heart was RACING.  I mean fast. What were they going to do?  Tear my door down on some chicks word that her stuff is in the apartment, having never been told she couldn't come to get it?  So freakin hypocrytical man, we are just seriously so damn alike, apart from the yelling.  Our vindictive nature is truly amazing.  
	In such an assholish way; I have have what I want.  I am completely alone.  I can do anything I wish.  I could squander away my time, stay poor, or I could seriously do some growing.  We are talking go from Pepsi Delivery driver to SOFTWARE ENGINEER in 6 Months.  I WILL.  I WILL.  I WILL.  My life will completly change.  I am going to learn math like I have never before.  Web Development, Object Oriented Programming.  That is literally all I am going to do.  Oh, and typing.  I figure by Oct. 1st I will be very proficient.  I am talking 80 wpm maybe, but with the core concepts down. 30 minutes a day.  On most days.  I have a feeling I will have much more time that I realize.  Now then, am I going to go the CF route?  I don't think so. As well, I do not think i am going to be so light with the rules while I am at work.  I have such an opportunity here and I do not want to mess it up over 1 dollar. I mean, dude, just buy it.  MAAYYYYYBE you some CF but no, so not neccesary.  I can eat at home, I can pack some food, its fine man. 
		God writing is so amazing.  I really really need to keep a journal.  I do think a blog is in order.  I guess it should be an anonymous blog.  Maybe on being borderline personality.  This won't be for my portfolio, it is for me, the possiblity of making friends or followers, and the awesome possiblity of making some money.  Can you imagine.  I really do think people would be so interested in hearing my life. 

	------------------------------------------------------------------------
	August 29th 2018

			First day back at work, since my fiance moved out, and took our baby.  Oh and came back with the cops to get her stuff.  Ok, I may have told her to go, but one minute later I took it back, while sobbing and chasing after her in my car, well, more like driving aimlessly and wrecklessly through searching for her car, while calling her over and over and trying not to look insane to the people next to me at stop lights.
			  Work sucked.  Am I the only person thats parents didnt say to them, "hey man, I know we have this awesome house and great life, but thats going to completely go away if you don't get good grades, or you get tattoos, or you don't go to college."  God I hate being so smart and yet so so so stupid. 

			  So while delivering soda today, I stole a few sports drinks (names not mentioned to protect the inocent, yeah right, like pepsi is innocent...oops.) and sodas, checked out sexy girls asses through the cooler doors, and basically listened to The Ozarks on netlifx while I stocked.  Stocking, what a shitty job. I will have to go into in a future entry all of my jobs.  I have had more jobs than anyone Ive ever met, and they havent all sucked.  I could pick a few that I definitely should have stayed at.  The US Capital building being somewhere near the top.  Like peter gibsons, most jobs have me literally saying, "this is the worst job I've ever had."  And then I hear, "i thought you said the last job was the worst".  Anybody seeing a pattern?

		  Now then, the main thought for my day was counterfiet money.  I am a novice, is novice the right word? I just looked it and I am not a novice, to the dark web.  I am an intermediate, or mediocre user of said dark web.  I have purchased things like heroin, and more opiates, and steroids, and conterfiet monies, well, dollars.  I usually get $20s.  They are aout 5 bucks per fake $20.  Crazy, right?  And using them is really not that hard, a little nerv racking, but not that hard.  There are very specific places and situation in which these cfs, are virtually garunteed to pass.  I could tell you, but I will make you wait.         
